this one customer service tip will
change your marketing when your
customers see your brand do you know how
they view you are you just some faceless
entity or do they feel like they
actually know you your team and how you
can help them ASAP according to HubSpot
68 of customers say they're willing to
pay more for products and services from
a brand that offers quality customer
service experiences
so not only are they happier with your
business they're also spending way more
money with you if you offer them
something of value and treat them with
respect you will explode in a good way
especially with your marketing and my
favorite customer service tip that
really helps with marketing is actually
pretty straightforward and it's
something that I think most successful
business owners and marketers should
practice every single day
speak as your customers do so what does
this look like in practice especially as
a marketer number one use casual subject
lines a study from borrow lens shows
that 64 percent of customers make a
decision to open emails based on subject
lines casual ones ones that like your
friend would send to you are much more
likely to be open than ones that are
just super professional
when a buddy sends me was like hey you
got to check this out I open it when I
see an email subject line and all caps
and is professionalized or the first
letters in of each word is capitalized
I'm less likely to open it
two adopt a conversational tone in your
content look you should still present
yourself as an industry expert but a
true thought leader doesn't talk down to
their audience you should talk to them
as if you're talking to one of your
friends build that Rapport build that
emotional connection that's how you
build up that Community that's more
likely to evangelize you and promote
your products or services in the future
that's what's going to create a ton of
Good Word of Mouth marketing three
improve your support chat 52 percent of
consumers are more likely to make a
repeat purchase if the company offers
support via a live chat my buddy Yaniv
is the co-founder of a company called
nextiva nextiva is a phone service
company
and they provide phone service to people
all over the world now they ended up
raising money from Goldman Sachs at over
a two billion dollar valuation they
bootstrap the company and then raise
money at over a two billion valuation
that's massive do you want to know one
of their secrets that helped them grow
to being that such a big of a company
you need told me firsthand chat is
responsible for roughly 33 percent of
their sales this is chat on a website
massive he makes sure there's people
there to help people out and really take
care of them because they want people to
be delighted even if they don't buy from
them
four make sure your website is easy to
navigate 56 of customers expect to find
what they're looking for from a company
in three clicks or less so make sure the
language on your website is super clear
and if they're on a mobile device they
want it ideally in less than three
clicks so just think about your
navigation look to see how you can
improve it you can use tools like crazy
egg to see how people engage with their
website where they get stuck and they do
user recordings so that way you can use
that data to improve the overall
experience
five create how-to tutorial videos users
are three times more likely to prefer
watching a YouTube tutorial than reading
a product's instruction so people want
to see how to tutorials you can do it in
gifs or videos think about this would
you ever want to read an article on how
to tie a tie of course not you want to
see some animated gifs or a YouTube
tutorial that just quickly shows you how
to do it in 30 seconds that creates a
better experience
relating to your customers talk to them
as if they're talking to another friend
or talking to each other will help your
marketing explode
trust me you don't want to talk to him
as if you're some expert in looking down
upon them that's just not nice you don't
want to talk to them as if you're some
ivy league Harvard grad person using all
this fancy vocabulary that they don't
understand you're not going to get the
open rates or conversions if you do that
either talk to them as if you're one of
them and be one of them so you can truly
understand how to make their experience
better if you need help delighting your
customers and increasing your
conversions check out my Ad Agency NP
digital where we help companies with all
this and more
if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to help like the
video share it I appreciate you taking
the time out of your day